## Homework 10
## By James Hicks
1. The planning that proceeds throughout the project and the planning that must be carried out once the specifications are complete. Two examples of the planning that will be required before the specifications are complete would be the requirements specification and the design phase. Two examples of planning happening throughout the building of the project would be planning how your going to test your software and planning on how to test your software and changing your plans when the requirements change.

2. That the further in you get into the project the more certain you are about the cost estimate. During the requirements phases it will be estimated around 4 times more or less the initial estimate, by the analysis phase it will be estimated at around 3 times the estimate, by the implementation phase it will be around two times and during the testing it will be around the correct estimate.

3. The kinds of cost are internal cost and external cost. Two examples of internal cost would be the equipment that the developers need to write the software and the money needed to pay the developers salary. Two example of the external cost would be the payments that the client has to give to the developers and marketing for the product.

4. 1) The number of lines of code can only be determined at the end of the project, unless I'm writing a very small program I have never been able to guess the amount of lines of code I will need to finish it. 2) The number of lines of code do not determine the length of time needed to develop the software, I have had projects that are very short in terms of lines of code that have taken quite a while to complete due to the fact that the hard part was designing the code. 3) It is often unclear how you should count the lines of code, should i include how many times it will have to go through loops and if so why would I write the least amount of lines if I don't have to. 4) Writing it in different languages will require different amounts of lines of code, writing the same project in Java and Python would likely result in one being longer thant the other, even if just by a bit.

5. During my research I found out that there are multiple standards for function point analysis' (COSMIC, FiSMA, IFPUG, Mark-II, NESMA). There is also a group called Object Management Group that is a non-for-profit organization that led to the automation of function point analysis using the guidelines of the International Function Point User Group. While there does not seem to be one standard that is used for function point analysis, there does seem to be different sets of standards for it.

6. The section I chose was the risk management subsection. This sub section talked about throughout the project such as making sure to document and report the requirements and making sure that your developer are not participating in any actions that could harm the development process. It also warns you about risk with your client or software and much more.

7. 1) Make sure that I make a thourough requirements list so that I know what should go into the rest of the documentation. 2) Make sure that I have multiple types of diagrams for my project so I can make sure that I am familiar with multiple types of diagrams. 3) Make sure that I update my documentation whenever I have made any changes to the coding from the plan.

8. I don't think that they should conclude that the creator didn't make the program, but I could understand why they would be cautious of a program that came with no documentation since it would raise the question of how thourough was the developer.