## Homework 12
## By James Hicks
1. Aspects tend to focus on reusing as little code as possible whereas classes tend to be used so that we can reuse that code when it is necessary.

2. By tying that software down to a specific hardware type it will be hard to import that data to another system. This is due to the fact that you have to worry about hardware limitations and input types. During the analysis phase you will focus on how to get around the limitations of the hardware that you chose, whereas during the design phase you will focus on the best programming patterns for that specific device that you are programming for.

3. It is a network created by Microsoft to attempt to make programming for multiple types of devices easier. This does not mean that the app will work accross all devices, but that all the devices will have a shared API network making it easier to port your program to another device.

4. Visual Studios focuses on making component based programming easier for the developer by allowing you to replace existing versions of your component without having a large impact on the system as the whole, allows you to use third-party components, and helps with making components reusable for later on in the project. The benefis of a component based design is the fact that it replacing a component doesn't tend to affect the system as a whole and that most components can be reused later. By going with a component based design you have created a standard that can work but it will become a problem if you need to make something that cannot be made in the standard component based programming.

5. IaaS is a cloud computing service that host infastructure such as hardware, storage, etc. A PaaS is a cloud computing service that handles the hardware and software side of things and passes it to whoever the user is over the internet. SaaS is a cloud computing service that delivers software licenses under a subscription model. The difference between them is how they handle the data that they are giving to you over the cloud and what kind of data they are providing you. Their similiarity is that they all use cloud computing to deliver that software.

7. One of the techniques that I use to making sure that my program is ready to deal with unexpected answers. In order to do this I try to think of ways that people may use the system that it isn't designed to do and create failsafes to prevent those unexpected inputs from being used against the system. For example if my program required someone to enter a number I would make sure that the input was a number and that the user entered a valid number, if they didn't it would ask them to enter a valid number.

8. This article focuses on describing how to best handle a large data bank systems that are continuing to grow. It describes the difficulties of handling multiple ways of accessing the data and how creating a system that would be able to continue to be accessed by old and outdated access systems could cause a lot of strain on the databank for little return value. How maintaining a set way of how the data is represented is key towards keeping the user happy. Then it covered how to best maintain large data banks filled with multiple variables.