## Homework 3
### by James Hicks

1. The software specification requirements must be simple enough for the client to understand the product that they will be receiving based on the requirements. It must also be very detailed and precise due to the fact that it will be the basis for the creation of the software

2. An example of ambiguous requirements would be if a client were to ask that certain features of the program must be able to use another type of software but does not specify which parts. This would lead the developers to not knowing what parts of the software should be compatible with the other software leading to the developers having to make sure that the entire software is compatible with this requirement or meeting the client again to get more specifics.

3. The chart will first start at its source the student who is preparing to turn in their assignment to get grades. Once the student has turned their assignment into the teacher, the teacher will grade the assignment which will transform the gradeless assignment into a graded assignment. Which will then be uploaded and stored on cougarview which will allow the student to look at or receive their final grade.

4. In this scenario it will start with the customer going to the online checkout. The first thing that the customer will do is confirm that this is their order. If it isn’t they will leave the checkout page. After that the customer will confirm their payment, if their current form of payment is not working they will be asked to enter an alternative form of payment and if they don’t have any they will have to exit the checkout. After that they will have to make sure that they have the valid information for their delivery to make it to them. If they don’t have any of that they will have to insert the valid data to move on or exit checkout. If they pass all of these their order will be completed.

5. For the customer table it will have the user’s chosen Id as the primary key, since it will be unique to that customer, their name, their address, their postal code, and their payment info. With all of this information we will be able to send products to them and receive payment for our products. We then have the products table which will contain the unique product id, the name for the product, the price for the product and a description of the product. With this information we will be able to list the product on the site along with its price and provide a description of the product so that the customer can tell if they want the product. We then have an order table with a primary key of the order id, two foreign keys linking the order table to both the product being purchased and the person purchasing that product, and the number of products being sold. With this table we will be able to keep track of which products were ordered by which customers.

6. The first box we will start off with is the login box which will require a username and password. If you don’t have an account you can register for an account by going to the register box, if you do you will move on to the map box. From the map box you can either move to the shop box to get new units or go to a battle. In the shop box you can buy new units and when you are done you can go back to the map box. If you go into the map box you will need to play out the battle until you have won or lost which will send you back to the map box.

7. The first outlines cover the start to login screen. If you have an account you must enter a valid username and password which will bring you to the map mode. If you don’t you must register a valid username and password which will bring you back to the previous idle. From the map mode you can go to the shop and make a decision to buy a unit or go back to the map or you can go to battle by picking a map number. In the battle mode you will be able to input an action and then determine if you won or lose the battle, if not you end your turn and repeat until you have won or lost which will bring you back to the map mode.

8. The first 3 lines of code seem to be setting up the class name for the program and two variables to cover dollars and cents. Then it is determining whether there are enough dollars in the account to withdraw any money. Then if you have enough dollars in your account it adjust the money amount by determining if you asked for more cents than the machine currently has. Followed by adjusting the dollar value if you were asking for more cents than the machine currently counted.
